Building FluidHelloWorld in Teams README (#350)
microsoft/FluidExamples: teams-fluid-hello-world/README.md

# @fluid-example/teams-fluid-hello-world

> This is an experimental learning tutorial demonstrating the integration of Fluid into [Microsoft Teams tab application](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/tabs/what-are-tabs).

Reviewer: is this still experimental? 🤔

Author: I guess not really experimental 😛

Concepts you will learn:
1. How to integrate Fluid into a Microsoft Teams tab application

> 2. How to run and connect your Teams application to a Fluid service (AzureClient)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. How to run and connect your Teams application to a Fluid service (Azure Fluid Relay)
```
i'd guess you want the actual service name rather than the client package name here

3. How to create and get Fluid Containers and collaborative objects
4. How to use a [SharedMap distributed data structure (DDS)](https://fluidframework.com/docs/data-structures/map/) to sync data between connected clients

\* Just want to see the code? Jump to the [finished tutorial.](./src/client/helloWorldTab).

## Demo introduction

In this example you will do the following:

  - [Use Microsoft Teams App template](#use-microsoft-teams-app-template)
  - [Install Fluid package dependencies](#install-fluid-package-dependencies)
  - [Import and initialize Fluid dependencies](#import-and-initialize-fluid-dependencies)
  - [Create the Fluid container](#create-the-fluid-container)
  - [Get the Fluid SharedMap](#get-the-fluid-sharedmap)
  - [Update the view](#update-the-view)
  - [Next steps](#next-steps)

## Use Microsoft Teams App template

### Using NPM
```bash
npm install yo gulp-cli --global
npm install generator-teams --global
yo teams
```

> Follow the instructions [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/tabs/how-to/create-channel-group-tab?tabs=nodejs#generate-your-project) to setup Teams Tab application

Reviewer: is this section on getting started the teams tab template necessary?  since you're pointing to the teams page for every step.  i think it would be better if you introduced the teams tab page and just said follow these steps to create a default tab but use these name values

Author: I think having the build instruction here is ideal because it allows the developers to build and run the template before proceeding to add Fluid functionalities.

> To maintain consistency with this walk-thorugh, please set the following questions with the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To maintain consistency with this walkthrough, please answer the following questions with the following values:
```

```ts
Title of your Microsoft Teams app project? : "TeamsFluidHelloWorld"

Default Tab Name (max 16 characters)? : "HelloWorldTab"
```

### Start the app

The `tinylicious` server will be needed to run this demo locally.

```bash
npx tinylicious

> ```

Reviewer: this tinylicious stuff isn't needed at this step yet right?  it's probably better to move this to right before you run the teams tab after adding the fluid stuff

Author: moved to the bottom section after Fluid stuff is added 😀

    return containerId;
};

export async function getContainer(id : string) : Promise<IFluidContainer> {
    const { container } = await client.getContainer(id, containerSchema);
    return container;
};
```

Here we are only exporting `createContainer` and `getContainer` because that is all we'll need to interact with Fluid.

### Configure the service client

The client is a new instance of the `AzureClient`, where it supports both remote (FRS) and local mode (Tinylicious).

```ts
// Util.ts
// add below imports

const client = new AzureClient(connectionConfig);
```

Before the client can be used, it needs a `AzureClientProps` that will define the type of connection the client will be using. We will connect locally for now.

```ts
// Util.ts
// add above the previous line

const connectionConfig : AzureClientProps =
{
    connection: {
        tenantId: LOCAL_MODE_TENANT_ID, // YOUR-TENANT-ID-HERE
        tokenProvider: new InsecureTokenProvider("foobar", { id: "user" }), // ENTER YOUR-TENANT-KEY-HERE
        orderer: "http://localhost:7070", // ENTER ORDERER_URL-HERE
        storage: "http://localhost:7070" // ENTER STORAGE_URL-HERE
    }
};
```

> And before the client can create any containers, it needs a `containerSchema` that will define, by name, the data objects used in this application.

Author: I like the addition of explaining the difference between the 2 😀

    websiteUrl: host + "/helloWorldTab/?" + containerIdQueryParamKey + "=" + containerId + "&name={loginHint}&tenant={tid}&group={groupId}&theme={theme}",
    suggestedDisplayName: entityId.current,
    removeUrl: host + "/helloWorldTab/remove.html?theme={theme}",
    entityId: entityId.current
});
```

Here we are creating a container and then appending the container ID to the `contentUrl` and `websiteUrl` so when the content page loads, we can easily find the container from the query parameter and retreive the container we just created.

You will notice that we are setting the `suggestedDisplayName` to `entityId.current`. This will allow the user to name the Tab in the cofig page.

## Get the Fluid `SharedMap`

### Get the Fluid container

Fluid applications can be loaded in one of two states, creating or loading. Since we've already created the container in the configuration page, we now want to load it in the content page, [HelloWorldTab](./src/client/helloWorldTab/HelloWordlTab.tsx). We will be rewriting everything inside the `HelloWorldTab` constant, so let's remove the all the code within the constant.

> 

Reviewer 2: Please also include the React FC scaffolding

```ts
// FluidContent.tsx
// Add to the top of the file

import * as React from "react";
import { Button } from "@fluentui/react-northstar";
import { SharedMap } from "fluid-framework";
import { diceValueKey } from "./Util";
import { useState, useEffect } from "react";
```

We can now define the props this React component will take. Since we are only passing in a `fluidMap`, there is only 1 attribute for the prop.

```ts
// FluidContent.tsx
// Add below the imports

export type FluidContentProps = Readonly<{
    fluidMap: SharedMap;
}>
```

Instead of passing the map into the React component directily as an argument, having it inside a prop allows modularity and future expansion if more parameters are needed.

Next, let's define the React component itself. As the file name suggest, the React component will be named `FluidContent`

```ts
// FluidContent.tsx
// Add below the props

export const FluidContent = (props : FluidContentProps) => {

};
```

> The Fluid application we are using is a dice roller, so let's first defined how the view will look like. The view will also need to be a React state that get's updated whenever `fluidMap` is updated. Since `fluidMap` will only store the dice value, we can update the view's content and color based on the value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Fluid application we are using is a dice roller, so let's first define what the view will look like. The view will need the dice value as a React state that get's updated whenever `fluidMap` is updated. Since `fluidMap` will provide the current dice value that got rolled, we can update the view's content and color based on the value it returns.
```

```ts
// FluidContent.tsx
// Add inside FluidContent constant

const generateState = (): {color : string, content : string} => {
    const diceValue = props.fluidMap.get(diceValueKey);
    // Unicode 0x2680-0x2685 are the sides of a dice (⚀⚁⚂⚃⚄⚅)
    return {
        content: String.fromCodePoint(0x267f + diceValue),
        color: `hsl(${diceValue * 60}, 70%, 30%)`
    };
};
```

> Syncing our Fluid and view data requires that the app create an event listener, which is another opportunity for `useEffect`. This `useEffect` function will run everytime `fluidMap` is updated thanks to the added dependency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Syncing our Fluid and view data requires that the app create an event listener as `SharedMap` provides a `valueChanged` event that gets triggered everytime it gets modified by any connected client. This is another opportunity for `useEffect`. This `useEffect` function will run everytime `fluidMap` is updated thanks to the added dependency.
```

> Syncing our Fluid and view data requires that the app create an event listener, which is another opportunity for `useEffect`. This `useEffect` function will run everytime `fluidMap` is updated thanks to the added dependency.

Reviewer 2: This may actually be a more code comment than a recipe comment, but I actually don't think `props.fluidMap` needs to be included in the dependency for the `useEffect` and its actually wasting resources to do so. The listener itself is sufficient for updating the values everytime the `valueChanged` event gets triggered. What this is doing is actually adding a new listener everytime the event fires and can cause performance issues 😟

To sync the data we're going to create a `updateDice` function and then continue calling that function each time the map's "valueChanged" event is raised.

```ts
// FluidContent.tsx
// Add below generateState

const [diceView, setDiceView] = useState<{color : string, content : string} | undefined >(generateState());

useEffect(() => {
    // sync Fluid data into view state
    const updateDice = () => {
        setDiceView(generateState());
    };
    // Use the changed event to trigger the rerender whenever the value changes.
    props.fluidMap.on("valueChanged", updateDice);

    // turn off listener when component is unmounted
    return () => { props.fluidMap.off("valueChanged", updateDice); };
}, [props.fluidMap]);
```

## Update the view

> In this simple multi-user app, you are going to build a button that, when pressed, rolls the dice. We will store that newly rolled dice value in Fluid so that each co-authors will automatically see the most recent dice roll at which any author pressed the button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this simple multi-user app, you are going to build a button that, when pressed, rolls the dice. We will store that newly rolled dice value in Fluid so that each co-authors will automatically see the most recent dice roll at which any author pressed the button.
```
```suggestion
In this simple multi-user app, you are going to build a button that, when pressed, rolls the dice. We will store that newly rolled dice value in Fluid so that each co-author will automatically see the most recent dice roll at the moment that any other author pressed the button.
```

Each time this button is pressed, every user will see the latest dice value stored in the `diceView` state variable.

```tsx
// FluidContent.tsx
// Add below previous useEffect

// Set the value at our diceValueKey with a random number between 1 and 6.
const onClick = () => {
    props.fluidMap.set(diceValueKey, Math.floor(Math.random() * 6) + 1);
};

return (
    <div>
        <h2>Hello World!</h2>
        <div className="wrapper" style={{ alignItems: "center" }} >
            <div className="dice" style={{ color: diceView!.color, fontSize: "200px" }}>{diceView!.content}</div>
            <Button className="roll" style={{ fontSize: "50px" }} onClick={onClick}> Roll </Button>
        </div>
    </div>
);
```

When the app loads in Teams, multiple users should be able to join the same tab and see the same dice roller. Note that if you roll the dice, the other participants will see the dice get rolled.

![teams-fluid-demo]()

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since this is all running against your `Azure Local Service`, its collaborative capabilities are limited to only running on your machine. Next, we will see how we can truly have anyone who views the tab be able to collaborate by linking our app to an Azure Fluid Relay instance.
```

## Next steps

> ### Using FRS non-local mode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Using AzureClient with Azure Fluid Relay
```

Because this is a Teams tab application, collaboration and interaction is the main focus. Consider replacing the local mode `AzureClientProps` provided above with non-local credentials from your Azure service instance, so others can join in and interact with you in the application! Check out how to provision your Azure Fluid Relay service [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-fluid-relay/how-tos/provision-fluid-azure-portal).

> Now, you may have notice we are using `InsecureTokenProvider`. This is a convenient way of setting the application up quicky, but as the name suggests, it is not secure at all! Please visit [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-fluid-relay/how-tos/connect-fluid-azure-service#token-providers) to learn more about how to use production ready token providers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, you may have noticed we are using `InsecureTokenProvider`. This is a convenient way of setting the application up quicky, but as the name suggests, it is not secure at all! Please visit [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-fluid-relay/how-tos/connect-fluid-azure-service#token-providers) to learn more about how to use production ready token providers.
```

| :memo: NOTE                                                                                                                                             |
|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | It is important to hide the credentials we are passing into `AzureClientProps`. Teams project comes with a [.env](./.env) where you can store your credentials as environment variables. Refer to the section below if you want to use the environment variables in Teams

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| It is important to hide the credentials we are passing into `AzureClientProps` from being accidentally checked in. The Teams project comes with a [.env](./.env) where you can store your credentials as environment variables and the file itself is already included in the `.gitignore`. Refer to the section below if you want to use the environment variables in Teams
```

### Setting and getting environment variable

> To set a environment variable and retreive it in Teams, we can take advantage of the built in [.env](./.env) file. Set the environment varible in `.env` like below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set a environment variable and retrieve it in Teams, we can take advantage of the built in [.env](./.env) file. Set the environment variable in `.env` like below.
```

```bash
# .env

TENANT_KEY=foobar
```

> Because the environment variables in `.env` get read in the context of `gulp`, but Teams built on top of `webpack`, so we would have to pass these environment variables into [webpack.config.js](./webpack.config.js) in order to access it in runtime. Add the environment variable from `.env` as shown below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To pass the contents of the `.env` file to our client-side app, we need to configure them into [webpack.config.js](./webpack.config.js) so that `webpack` provides access to them at runtime. Add the environment variable from `.env` as shown below.
```

```js
// webpack,config.js

webpack.EnvironmentPlugin({ 
    PUBLIC_HOSTNAME: undefined, 
    TAB_APP_ID: null, 
    TAB_APP_URI: null,
    REACT_APP_TENANT_KEY: JSON.stringify(process.env.TENANT_KEY) // Add environment variable here
}),
```

Now, let's access the environment variable in [Util.ts](./src/client/Util.ts)

```ts
// Util.ts

tokenProvider: new InsecureTokenProvider(JSON.parse(process.env.REACT_APP_TENANT_KEY!), { id: "user" }),

> ```

Reviewer 2: We should include some closing comments here like, "And now if you restart your Teams application, other users on their own computers who also open this tab from their Teams app will be able to roll the dice with you!".

Also, do we want to add in the extra steps to clear that Teams warning dialog that would popup on the tab when loaded in a "Common Issues" section?

Author: good catch! Almost forgot to add a common issues section 😛

### Using NPM

Follow the instructions [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/tabs/how-to/create-channel-group-tab?tabs=nodejs#generate-your-project) to setup a default Teams Tab application.

To maintain consistency with this walk-thorugh, please answer the following questions that are prompted during setup with the following values:

```ts
Title of your Microsoft Teams app project? : "TeamsFluidHelloWorld"

Default Tab Name (max 16 characters)? : "HelloWorldTab"
```

### Start the app

To run and start the Teams application, open another terminal and follow the instructions [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/tabs/how-to/create-channel-group-tab?tabs=nodejs#upload-your-application-to-teams).

Now follow the [instructions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/tabs/how-to/create-channel-group-tab?tabs=nodejs#upload-your-application-to-teams) to upload the application to a Teams Tab. At this point, you have a vanilla Teams tab running within your main Teams App. Now, let's add the Fluid functionality to it!

## Install Fluid package dependencies

There are three packages to install to get started with Fluid:

> `fluid-framework` -- The primary Fluid package that contains the SharedMap we'll use to sync data. This can also be used by your tab for other DDSes [link to DDS page on fluidframework.com] as required by your application. However, these are out-of-scope for the purposes of this introductory recipe.

Reviewer 2: We should replace this with the actual link to the DDS page on ff.com 😄

`@fluidframework/azure-client` -- Defines the client we'll use to get our Fluid [container](https://fluidframework.com/docs/glossary/#container) for local and remote development.

`@fluidframework/test-client-utils` -- Defines the `InsecureTokenProvider` we'll use to get our security token.

### Using NPM
```bash
npm install fluid-framework @fluidframework/azure-client @fluidframework/test-client-utils
```

Lastly, open up the `src/client/helloWorldTab` folder, as that will be the only folder we are editing.

## Import and initialize Fluid dependencies

> `AzureClient` is a client for `Azure Fluid Relay`; it allows for both connecting to a remote Azure instance [link to FRS doc page] for production scenarios, and a local Fluid server for testing and developing our application. We will define the configuration for connecting to these services in `AzureClientProps`. The client provides a method for creating a [Fluid container]({{< relref "containers.md" >}}) with a set of initial [DDSes]({{< relref "dds.md" >}}) or [SharedObjects]({{< relref "glossary.md#shared-objects" >}}) that are defined in the `containerSchema`. 

Reviewer 2: Same here for the link

export async function createContainer() : Promise<string> {
    const { container } = await client.createContainer(containerSchema);
    const diceMap = container.initialObjects.diceMap as SharedMap;
    diceMap.set(diceValueKey, 1);
    const containerId = await container.attach();
    return containerId;
};

export async function getContainer(id : string) : Promise<IFluidContainer> {
    const { container } = await client.getContainer(id, containerSchema);
    return container;
};
```

Here we are only exporting `createContainer` and `getContainer` because that is all we'll need to create and fetch our Fluid container.

### Configure the service client

The client is a new instance of the `AzureClient`, where it supports both remote (Azure Fluid Relay) and local mode (Azure Local Service).

```ts
// Util.ts
// add below imports

const client = new AzureClient(connectionConfig);
```

Before the client can be used, it needs an `AzureClientProps` that will define the type of connection the client will be using. We will connect locally for now.

```ts
// Util.ts
// add above the previous line

const connectionConfig : AzureClientProps =
{
    connection: {

>         tenantId: LOCAL_MODE_TENANT_ID, // YOUR-TENANT-ID-HERE

Reviewer 2: We can drop all the comments for local the local mode connection config

```ts
// Util.ts
// add above the previous line

const containerSchema = {
    initialObjects: { diceMap: SharedMap }
};
```

It's a common pattern to store important map keys as constants, rather than typing the raw string each time.

```ts
// Util.ts
// add below imports

export const diceValueKey = "dice-value-key";
```

We are also going to store the query parameter key as a constant for easy retrieval and parsing.

```ts
// Util.ts
// add below imports

export const containerIdQueryParamKey = "containerId";
```

### Create the Fluid container

The creation flow of Teams tab application requires a [configuration page](./src/client/helloWorldTab/HelloWorldTabConfig.tsx). We'll be creating a container in the config page and appending the container ID as an URL query param for easy retrieval in the content page.

```ts
// HelloWorldTabConfig.tsx
// Add to the top of the file

import { createContainer, containerIdQueryParamKey } from "./Util";
```

Add the following code into `onSaveHandler` right after the `host` constant is defined.

> ```ts

Reviewer 2: Might be good to wrap this code with the `onSaveHandler` itself

    websiteUrl: host + "/helloWorldTab/?" + containerIdQueryParamKey + "=" + containerId + "&name={loginHint}&tenant={tid}&group={groupId}&theme={theme}",
    suggestedDisplayName: entityId.current,
    removeUrl: host + "/helloWorldTab/remove.html?theme={theme}",
    entityId: entityId.current
});
```

Here we are creating a container and then appending the container ID to the `contentUrl` and `websiteUrl` so when the content page loads, we can easily find the container from the query parameter and retrieve the container we just created.

You will notice that we are setting the `suggestedDisplayName` to `entityId.current`. This will allow the user to name the Tab in the cofig page.

## Get the Fluid `SharedMap`

### Get the Fluid container

Fluid applications can be loaded in one of two states, creating or loading. Since we've already created the container in the configuration page, we now want to load it in the content page, [HelloWorldTab](./src/client/helloWorldTab/HelloWordlTab.tsx). We will be rewriting everything inside the `HelloWorldTab` page, so let's remove the all the code there to start.

Add the following import statements.

```ts

> import { SharedMap } from "fluid-framework";

Reviewer 2: Would be good to also include the other imports such as microsoftTeams and React since we told them to remove **all** the code

```ts
// HelloWorldTab.tsx
// Add below the previous line

const getFluidMap = async (url : URLSearchParams) => {
    const containerId = url.get(containerIdQueryParamKey);
    if (!containerId) {
        throw Error("containerId not found in the URL");
    }
    const container = await getContainer(containerId);
    const diceMap = container.initialObjects.diceMap as SharedMap;
    setFluidMap(diceMap);
};
```

### Get the SharedMap on load

Now that the app has defined how to get our Fluid map, you need to tell React to call `getFluidMap` on load, and then store the result in state based on if we are inside Teams.
React's [useState hook](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-state.html) will provide the storage needed, and [useEffect](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-effect.html) will allow us to call `getFluidMap` on render, passing the returned value into `setFluidMap`. 

> By setting an empty dependency array at the end of the `useEffect`, the app ensure that this function only gets called once.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By setting an empty dependency array at the end of the `useEffect`, the app ensures that this function only gets called once.
```

            getFluidMap(url.searchParams);
        });
        microsoftTeams.appInitialization.notifySuccess();
    }
}, [inTeams]);

if (inTeams === false) {
    return (
        <div>This application only works in the context of Microsoft Teams</div>
    );
}
```
If `inTeams` is true, then we will retrieve the URL from the `contentUrl` we defined in [HelloWorldTabConfig](./src/client/helloWorldTab/HelloWorldTabConfig.tsx) as a mandatory step and notify Teams that your app has successfully loaded with `microsoftTeams.appInitialization.notifySuccess()`. If `inTeams` is false, we will return a `div` that says the application only works within Teams.

<br />

| :warning: WARNING                                                                                                                                       |
|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| If `notifySuccess` is not called within 30 seconds, it is assumed that the app timed out and an error screen with a retry option will appear.

<br />

### Sync Fluid and view data

> With `fluidMap` defined, we can now have Fluid and view interact. However, it's better practice and cleaner code to separate the Fluid logic from the Teams [content page definition](./src/client/helloWorldTab/HelloWordlTab.tsx), and pass the `fluidMap` to a React component that handles all of the interactions with the `SharedMap` itself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With `fluidMap` defined, we can now have Fluid and the React view interact. However, it's better practice and cleaner code to separate the Fluid logic from the Teams content page initialization [content page definition](./src/client/helloWorldTab/HelloWordlTab.tsx), and pass the `fluidMap` to a React component that handles all of the interactions with the `SharedMap` itself.
```

> Before we pass the `fluidMap` to a React component, we need to ensure that it is defined. If `fluidMap` is not defined, we will just return a loading text.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before we pass the `fluidMap` to a React component, we need to ensure that it is defined. Until the `fluidMap` becomes defined, we will just return a loading text.
```

```ts
// FluidContent.tsx
// Add to the top of the file

import * as React from "react";
import { Button } from "@fluentui/react-northstar";
import { SharedMap } from "fluid-framework";
import { diceValueKey } from "./Util";
import { useState, useEffect } from "react";
```

We can now define the props this React component will take. Since we are only passing in a `fluidMap`, there is only 1 attribute for the prop.

```ts
// FluidContent.tsx
// Add below the imports

export type FluidContentProps = Readonly<{
    fluidMap: SharedMap;
}>
```

Instead of passing the map into the React component directily as an argument, having it inside a prop allows modularity and future expansion if more parameters are needed.

Next, let's define the React component itself. As the file name suggest, the React component will be named `FluidContent`

```ts
// FluidContent.tsx
// Add below the props

export const FluidContent = (props : FluidContentProps) => {

};
```

> The Fluid application we are using is a dice roller, so let's first define what the view will look like. The view will need the dice value as a React state that get's updated whenever `fluidMap` is updated. Since `fluidMap` will provide the current dice value that got rolled, we can update the view's content and color based on the value it returns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Fluid application we are using is a dice roller, so let's first define what the view state will look like. The view will need the dice value as a React state that get's updated whenever `fluidMap` is updated. Since `fluidMap` will provide the current dice value that got rolled, we can update the view's content and color based on the value it returns.
```

const onClick = () => {
    props.fluidMap.set(diceValueKey, Math.floor(Math.random() * 6) + 1);
};

return (
    <div>
        <h2>Hello World!</h2>
        <div className="wrapper" style={{ alignItems: "center" }} >
            <div className="dice" style={{ color: diceView!.color, fontSize: "200px" }}>{diceView!.content}</div>
            <Button className="roll" style={{ fontSize: "50px" }} onClick={onClick}> Roll </Button>
        </div>
    </div>
);
```

When the app loads in Teams, multiple users should be able to join the same tab and see the same dice roller. Note that if you roll the dice, the other participants will see the dice get rolled.

![teams-fluid-config](https://fluidframework.blob.core.windows.net/static/images/teams-example-config.png)
![teams-fluid-content](https://fluidframework.blob.core.windows.net/static/images/teams-example-tab.png)

Since this is all running against your `Azure Local Service`, its collaborative capabilities are limited to only running on your machine. Next, we will see how we can truly have anyone who views the tab be able to collaborate by linking our app to an Azure Fluid Relay instance.

## Next steps

> ### Running the application

Reviewer 2: We should move this section before the "Since this is all running against your Azure Local Service" line since they need the local service to actually be in a  running state 😄

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't include it as a next step, but rather at the end of the above section. The Azure Fluid Relay bit can stay in next steps

Now that Fluid functionalities are added, we need a running Fluid service for the app to work!. We can use the `tinylicious` server to run this demo locally. Open a separate command propmt and run the following command:

```bash

> npx tinylicious

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
npx @fluidframework/azure-local-service@latest
```
since we are using AzureClient

```

### Using AzureClient with Azure Fluid Relay

Because this is a Teams tab application, collaboration and interaction is the main focus. Consider replacing the local mode `AzureClientProps` provided above with non-local credentials from your Azure service instance, so others can join in and interact with you in the application! Check out how to provision your Azure Fluid Relay service [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-fluid-relay/how-tos/provision-fluid-azure-portal).

> Now, you may have noticed we are using `InsecureTokenProvider`. This is a convenient way of setting the application up quicky, but as the name suggests, it is not secure at all! Please visit [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-fluid-relay/how-tos/connect-fluid-azure-service#token-providers) to learn more about how to use production ready token providers.

Reviewer 2: Consider moving this paragraph to below the code snippet below where you set the `InsecureTokenProvider` with the `REACT_APP_TENANT_KEY`
I think it'll make more contextual sense for a reader there

    // turn off listener when component is unmounted
    return () => { props.fluidMap.off("valueChanged", updateDice); };
});
```

## Update the view

In this simple multi-user app, you are going to build a button that, when pressed, rolls the dice. We will store that newly rolled dice value in Fluid so that each co-author will automatically see the most recent dice roll at the moment that any other author pressed the button.

Each time this button is pressed, every user will see the latest dice value stored in the `diceView` state variable.

```tsx
// FluidContent.tsx
// Add below previous useEffect

// Set the value at our diceValueKey with a random number between 1 and 6.
const onClick = () => {
    props.fluidMap.set(diceValueKey, Math.floor(Math.random() * 6) + 1);
};

return (
    <div>
        <h2>Hello World!</h2>
        <div className="wrapper" style={{ alignItems: "center" }} >
            <div className="dice" style={{ color: diceView!.color, fontSize: "200px" }}>{diceView!.content}</div>
            <Button className="roll" style={{ fontSize: "50px" }} onClick={onClick}> Roll </Button>
        </div>
    </div>
);
```

> When the app loads in Teams, multiple users should be able to join the same tab and see the same dice roller. Note that if you roll the dice, the other participants will see the dice get rolled.

Reviewer 2: I think this paragraph should be moved into "Running the application" since nothing will work without local service running
